Hello everyone. I am Vanege, and today, I will create a film (video) in Minecraft.

Minecraft is a very known (famous) game, and if you don't know Minecraft, you will know it after a short moment. 

I will select "Singleplayer"

First, I must create a new world.

In order to to that, I must click this button "Create a new world".

I must select a name, and this will be "New world", and also a difficulty, and this will be "Easy",

because I don't want to die too often.

My world is ready.

I can explore and create new things.

First, I need wood.

And wood is in trees.

So, I go to a tree,

in order to hit it.

This is a tree.

This is a tree, I am hitting it, because I want... I want wood.

One, two, and three.

I have now three blocks of wood.

With wood I can create various things.

For example, I can create a block of planks.

And with a block of planks, I can create this.

And this is a crafting table.

I can now place this block, this crafting table, on the ground.

And I do it, because I actually need it.

I am now using the crafting table.

With one block of wood, I have four blocks of planks.

And with two blocks of planks, I can have four blocks...

or... sticks...

and with sticks and planks, I can create... for example... this.

But, I don't want this, I want something else.

First, I need more planks,

and that way, I can have this.

And the name of this is axe.

With an axe, I can cut trees more quickly.

I have now an axe.

This is without a tool for cutting, without an axe.

This was very slow.

But, now, this is with an axe.

That's faster than without an axe.

And this is a birch.

This kind of tree is not good,

because it gives me allergy.

That's why I do not like this tree.

With the new blocks of wood, I can create a new tool.

I want to create two tools, because...

those tools are very important.

I want to create this.

This is a shovel.

And this is very important because I need it to have dirt.

I also need a pickaxe, a pickaxe is a tool to have stone.

And in order to have a pickaxe,

one must do this.

That way, one can create pickaxe.

First, I use my new shovel.

Please look. (Just look)

That's digging, I dig with a shovel.

And ... that's stone.

And in order to have stone, I have to use my other tool.

This. This is a pickaxe.

Pickaxe. And with a pickaxe, I can have... stone!

I want to have nine blocks of stone,

in order to create something else.

That's enough (sufficient).

With stones, I can create a new tool which is better than a tool of wood.

So, a tool of stone is better than a tool of wood.

This is better than this.

With stones, one can also create that.

That's a furnace, and a furnace is good in order to do many new things, and to cook. 

I have food, this is an apple.

I found the apple in this tree.

I try to find an other apple.

But, I don't find a new apple.

That's not good, because

in this game, in Minecraft, one must have enough food in order to not die.

I just saw a spider.

A spider in Minecraft is dangerous.

So, I won't get near, because I don't want to die.

I see also a skeleton, a skeleton is very very dangerous.

So, I will stop playing.